it's difficult to find anything growing
here in blea the neighborhood in
Northern Gaza has been flattened by
months of Israeli
bombing its mosque has gone too but
there are green shoots something for
people here to live for and feel
positive about these vegetables grow on
the doorstep of the akmad family home
where they're determined to observe the
rituals of Ramadan like Muslims around
the world Mahmud still manages A Smile
as he jokes they'll soon grow enough
vegetables to be
self-sufficient following the
destruction of the mosque we find soless
in distributing food and dates just
before breaking our fast however the
absence of the usual Ramadan
celebrations and spiritual Gatherings
leaves us feeling empty the call to
prayer by the Imam which once echoed
beautifully now seems distant drowned
out by the noise around us
mm has to use what's at his disposal the
prices of goods across the strip have
skyrocketed the challenge lies in the
scarcity of ingredients to prepare a
meal creativity is essential as we
attempt to make the most of what we have
often resorting to using basic
ingredients like zutter and flour for
baking further to the south in Rafa
members of the asur family are
decorating their tent together there's
no electricity for the lights but there
is a way to hang the lanterns that are a
symbol of
Ramadan Ramadan was once a time of
Celebration joy and unity lanterns and
decorations used to bring warmth to our
homes creating a festive atmosphere we
used to wait for the arrival of Ramadan
each year but the thought of observing
Ramadan intense under challenging
conditions is
heartbreaking ita's young daughter has
one request this Ramadan
R all we want is the ability to observe
Ramadan like everyone else we want a
ceasefire to bring an end to the ongoing
War back in ble here the amads have food
hot out of the oven as they prepare
their ifar meal that breaks their fast
for the day the war has stolen much from
the people of Gaza but during this
special time spiritual growth and
renewal remains something that can't be
taken Michael
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer